Running tests/lints before commit and push (#2035)
MarkBind/markbind: docs/devGuide/settingUp.md

   **Graphviz** v2.38 or later<br>
   %%(The above two are required for one of the third-party libraries used by MarkBind)%%

1. **Python** 3 or later, and<br>
   **pre-commit** v2.20 or later<br>

>    %%(The above two are required for python pre-commit hooks)%%

Reviewer: Should we be using the `.pyz` instead? I think some might not be comfortable installing a global dependency.

Author: Sounds like a good idea and that will reduce the dependency to just python.

   <popover content="Under the hood, this calls `npm ci` and `lerna bootstrap`">`npm run setup`</popover>
   in the **root folder** of your cloned repo.

> 1. **Install git hooks** by running `npm run install:hooks` in the **root folder** of your cloned repo.

Reviewer: Should we move all the changes to a separate section since hooks are optional convenience features? (point on python we discussed) maybe after `Setting up the dev environment` as a separate heading.

Author: Lets do that

1. **Congratulations!** Now you are ready to start modifying MarkBind code.

## Setting up the git hooks (optional but recommended)

> 1. **Install git hooks** by running `npm run install:hooks` in the **root folder** of your cloned repo.

Reviewer: It may be better to move and document the commands here directly as `python` vs `python3` alias availability is very system setup dependent.

```suggestion
There are a few [Git hooks](./workflow.md#git-hooks) implemented using the [precommit](https://pre-commit.com/) tool that runs common tasks like linting, automated tests and compiling typescript files.

**Install the hooks** by running `python3 ./pre-commit/pre-commit-2.20.0.pyz install` in the **root folder** of your cloned repo.

If you ever need to uninstall the hooks, simply run `uninstall` instead of `install`.
```
